twelve percent is protected .
twelve percent is protected about 1 percent is protected .
alabama governor robert bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the ban .
bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the ban added that he would take action against any judge issued a license .
'' their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these barriers albrecht , '' said .
they proved to be a point police turned tear gas dogs clubs on the protesters with a ferocity that shook the occupants .
the three selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle voting rights for black and proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking across the arm and arm edmund pettus bridge in selma , with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the white house .
all died 16 victims were sherpas , the term for men are paid to help tourists climb the mountain .
there is the pressure friends expect them to be .
pops staples , the leader gospel staple singers was touring he saw coverage was horrified .
they put kernels they cranked up the temperature 50 degrees .
deborah edwards , the director said she can shake head over what is happening .
the air force is spending billions to modernize fleet .
he started making kites that pictured workers instead .
hockey has had a reputation basketball might be catching up .
alexander scherer , they noticed that a student was .
fish are caught by a method called trawling scrapes nets .
they hauled supplies .
compressed the leg is being released causing the popcorn to somersault .
-- to chicagoans engaged a proposal to place it .
that has set off a war said vezzosi , the director of a museum dedicated .
krear oversees all budgets , planning , engineering , development and management , quality .
lancaster mayor parris said the high-paying jobs had the to create including times .
states are beginning to highlight gap that a problem that is generating jobs , let dropouts .
archaeologists digging have found objects .
research has shown that can produce primates calls or events .
mexico supplied 1.3000000000000000444 billion pounds followed .
an announcement came had a glacier crashed the size .
he estimated that about work has been .
gary goddard , founder , a company that designs parks , and attractions resorts estimated that about work has been .
educators say the government support turkey is going .
than 1 are women , according author . ''
and as the teams led northrop grumman boeing co. lobby lawmakers the state legislators want to know what will get out .
ten years ago the minnesota youth athletic services -lrb- myas -rrb- began hosting a tournament 20 teams took part .
another parent , mike munson sits uses an app to track and analyze shots .
documents that will give people a understanding the man was assassinated 150 years ago .
a report found the search has been .
rich penick , a director said it is the lleytons are creating the demand .
said would they build parts .
chinese developers spent $ 24 billion according .