Twelve percent of the world 's land is currently protected in national parks and wildlife preserves .
Twelve percent of the world 's land is currently protected in national parks and wildlife preserves , while in comparison , only about 1 percent of the high seas is protected .
Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said he was '' disappointed '' that the courts had knocked over the gay marriage .
On Thursday , said he was '' disappointed '' that the courts had overturned the gay marriage , but said he would not take action against the judge who had issued a license to same-sex couples .
Their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these barriers , '' Albrecht said .
They turned out to be a turning point in the struggle , as police fired tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a mighty it can be that shook even the residents of the White House .
The three Selma Apple marches in 1965 to draw attention to the struggle for rights and turned out to be a turning point in the struggle , as police fired tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking arm and arm across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , with a mighty it can be that shook even the residents of the White House .
All 16 victims who died in the disaster were sherpas , the term for local men who are paid to help tourists up the mountain .
Sometimes , there is the pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more immediately successful .
Pops Staples , the leader of the famous Chicago gospel group the Staple Singers was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was -LRB- .
They put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an on a bread rack and and the up the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
Deborah Edwards is the head of the Positive Coaching Alliance , said she can only shake her head over what is happening .
The Air Force is already spend billions of dollars to update its current fleet of 150 planes .
He began making kites that pictured workers , instead of ancient He figures .
In Minnesota , youth hockey has had a reputation for competitiveness , but now , youth basketball might be catching up .
They found that Alexander Scherer , a new student at school , was alone .
Most scientists fish in the high seas are caught by a method called bottom trawling , which makes heavy nets across the seabed below .
They slowly hauled supplies up the peak , through the maze of spiky glaciers and a yawn crevasses .
After being compressed on the ground , the leg is being released , causing the popcorn to somersault like a gymnast .
CHICAGO -- President Barack Obama is expected to choose the site for the library in less than two months , Chicagoans engaged in a bitter fight over a plan to place it in a public park .
That has set off just war for the painting , said Vezzosi , the director of a museum dedicated to Leonardo da to her in his hometown of to her in Italy .
The chief engineer of the year 1500 , Ram Krear oversees all , planning , engineering and quality and launch the truck .
Lancaster Mayor Parris said the high-paying aerospace jobs had to create many times that number of new positions throughout the Antelope Valley , including at restaurants and stores and manufacturing suppliers .
States are beginning to capture this as a serious problem in a country that is speak more jobs for educated workers and fewer jobs for high school graduates , high school dropouts .
The work on the grounds have found the objects from that time .
Research has shown that you can grow unique calls for things , or events in their environment .
Mexico had 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 , followed by California with 282 million pounds .
Then a announcement on the radio : A huge glacier had crashed down the mountain , burying 25 Nepalese sherpa guides under sheets of ice the size of the area .
He estimated that about half of his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
The has , founder of Gary has Entertainment , a company that designs theme parks , rides and rich resorts , estimated that about half of his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Teachers who support the government say Turkey is going back to its cultural roots .
Fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to the scientists Brooke , author of the report '' Women in Vehicle Engineering . ''
And as the teams led by gas giants companies and will privately lobby lawmakers to support the lawmakers want to know what their state will get out of the deal .
Ten years ago , a Minnesota Youth Athletic Services -LRB- MYAS -RRB- began hosting a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams and 20 teams took part .
Another parent , Mike Munson is on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track and analyze the team 's shots .
Stowell thinks that even documents about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man who was killed 150 years ago this April .
For young African-Americans and poor people with two-year degrees , a new report found that the search has been especially brutal .
Rich Penick , a longtime associate director at MYAS , said it is not the Lleytons of the world are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger under age .
According to Ledford , Northrop executives said they would build large parts of the bomber in Palmdale , about 1,500 jobs .
In 2013 , Chinese company has spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction , up from $ 9 billion in 2011 , according to a study by the Los Angeles engineering firm They .