Seven out of percent of the world 's land is now currently protected .
Nearly half of the world 's land is now currently protected .
Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had stopped the gay marriage .
Bentley said he would not take action against any judge .
'' Our parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these ways , '' Albrecht said .
They were the protesters with a sudden that shook even the occupants of the White House .
The three Selma marches in 1965 to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights .
The term for local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain .
Sometimes there is the pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more immediately successful .
Pops Staples , leader of the acclaimed Chicago church group the Staple Singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event .
They put microwaveable popcorn in an iPad .
Deborah Edwards is the head of the Positive Coaching Alliance in Minnesota .
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars to make its current fleet of 150 fighters .
He started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
In Minnesota , youth football has long had a reputation for competitiveness .
They saw that Alexander Scherer , a new student at school , was alone .
Most fish in the high seas are caught by a method called bottom trawling .
They slowly hauled supplies up the peak .
The leg is released .
CHICAGO -- President Barack Obama expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months .
He is the director of a museum devoted to Leonardo da Vinci in his hometown of Vinci .
He runs the company , engineering , engineering , engineering , engineering , engineering and launch management of the truck .
Lancaster Mayor Parris said the bigger high-paying jobs had the chance to create many times that number in new positions throughout the Antelope Valley .
The country is now growing for educated workers .
Scientists dig on the zebras in the area .
Animals can make special calls for things or events in their environment .
Mexico made 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 .
Then a announcement came over the beach .
He estimates that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia .
Gary Goddard is a company that sells theme parks , museums and upscale .
Teachers who support the government say Turkey is going back to its cultural roots .
But more than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women .
The teams led by weapons giants Northrop Grumman and Boeing Co. .
Four years ago , the Minnesota Youth Athletic Services began hosting a state tournament .
Another parent , Mike Munson , sits on the bench with a computer .
Stowell thinks that even documents about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man .
A new report found that the job search has been especially deadly .
Rich Penick is a longtime director at MYAS .
According to Ledford , Northrop companies said they would build large parts of the bomber in Palmdale .
In 2013 , Chinese companies spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction .