Twelve percent of the world 's land is currently protected in national parks .
There are about 1 percent of the world 's land .
Martin said he was disappointed that the courts had reversed the gay marriage ban .
He said he would not take action against any judge .
'' Their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , '' he said .
It was a turning point in the struggle .
The three Selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights .
They are paid to help tourists climb the mountain .
Sometimes there is the pressure from family and friends .
He was touring when he saw media coverage of the event .
They put the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
He said she can only shake her head over what is happening .
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars .
He started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
In Minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for competitiveness .
He was alone .
Most of the fish are caught by a way called bottom method .
They slowly trap rubber supplies up the peak .
After being compressed on the ground , the leg is released .
CHICAGO -- President Barack Obama asked the site for his library in less than two months .
That has set off a bidding war for the painting .
As chief engineer of the pregnancy 1500 , Krear oversees all spending .
They have the possible to create many times that number in new positions .
States are beginning to get more jobs .
Archaeologists have found objects from that time .
Research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for things .
Mexico supplied 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 .
A huge glacier had crashed down the mountain .
He said that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
It has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Teachers who support the government say Turkey is going back to its popularity .
And fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women .
They want to know what their state will get out of the deal .
Ten years ago , the Minnesota Youth Athletic Services -LRB- MYAS -RRB- began hosting a state tournament .
She sits on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track and study the team 's shots .
Stowell thinks that even documents about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man .
For young African-Americans with four-year degrees , a new report found a new report .
She said it is not the Lleytons of the world who are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger and younger age .
According to Ledford , Northrop bosses said they would build important parts of the bomber in California .
In 2013 , Chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction .