Twelve percent of the world 's land is in national parks .
Twelve percent of the world 's land is in national parks .
He was disappointed that the courts had reversed the gay marriage ban .
He said he would not take action against any judge who issued a license to same-sex couples .
'' Their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , '' he said .
Police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters .
The three Selma marches in 1965 released to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights .
All 16 victims .
It is the pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more immediately .
He was touring when he saw media coverage of the event .
They put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
Noori said she can only shake her head over what is happening .
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars .
He started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
In Minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for competitiveness .
He was alone .
Most deep-sea fish in the high seas are caught by a method called bottom .
They slowly pink supplies up the peak .
After being compressed on the ground , the leg is released .
CHICAGO -- President Barack Obama is trying to choose the site for his library in less than two months .
That has set off a war for the painting .
As chief engineer of the Greater 1500 , Krear oversees all money .
He said the relatively high-paying giving jobs had the possible to create many times .
States are beginning to get a serious problem .
Archaeologists digging on the nests have found objects .
Research has shown that somebody can produce unique calls for things or events in their environment .
Mexico has 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 .
Then an announcement came over the mountain .
He estimated that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia .
It is a company that designs and company Gary .
Educators who support the government say Turkey is going back to its cultural roots .
And fewer than 1 in 5 engineers are women .
They want to know what their state will get out of the deal .
Ten years ago , the Minnesota Youth Athletic Services Committee began hosting a state .
He starts on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track .
Stowell believes that only documents about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding .
For young African-Americans with four-year degrees , a new report found .
They are creating the demand for Lleytons basketball at a younger .
According to Ledford , Northrop companies said they would build major parts of the bomber in Palmdale .
In 2013 alone , Chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction .