Twelve percent of the world 's land is currently protected in national parks and wildlife preserves .
Twelve percent of the world 's land is currently protected in national parks and wildlife preserves , while in comparison , just about 1 percent of the high seas is protected .
Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the gay marriage ban .
Bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had overturned the gay marriage ban , but added that he would not take action against any judge who issued a license to same-sex couples .
'' Their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story , and then they 're hit with all these barriers , '' Albrecht said .
They proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the White House .
The three Selma marches in 1965 aimed to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights and proved to be a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas , dogs and clubs on the unarmed protesters , walking arm and arm across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , with a ferocity that shook even the occupants of the White House .
All 16 victims who died in the disaster were sherpas , the term for local men who are paid to help tourists climb the mountain .
Sometimes there is the pressure from family and friends who expect them to be more immediately successful .
Pops Staples , leader of the acclaimed Chicago gospel group the Staple Singers , was touring when he saw media coverage of the event , and was horrified .
They put kernels of microwaveable popcorn in an oven and cranked up the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
Deborah Edwards , the executive director of the Positive Coaching Alliance in Minnesota , said she can only shake her head over what is happening .
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars to modernize its current fleet of 150 bombers .
He started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
In Minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for competitiveness , but now , youth basketball might be catching up .
They noticed that Alexander Scherer , a new student at school , was alone .
Most deep-sea fish in the high seas are caught by a method called bottom trawling , which scrapes heavy nets across the seafloor .
They slowly hauled supplies up the peak , through a long maze of jagged glaciers and yawning crevasses .
After being compressed on the ground , the leg is released , causing the popcorn to somersault like a gymnast .
CHICAGO -- With President Barack Obama expected to choose the site for his library in less than two months , Chicagoans engaged in a bitter fight over a proposal to place it in a public park .
That has set off a bidding war for the painting , said Vezzosi , the director of a museum dedicated to Leonardo da Vinci in his hometown of Vinci in Italy .
As chief engineer of the Ram 1500 , Krear oversees all budgets , planning , engineering , development , quality and launch management of the truck .
Lancaster Mayor Parris said the relatively high-paying aerospace jobs had the potential to create many times that number in new positions throughout the Antelope Valley , including at restaurants , stores and manufacturing suppliers .
States are beginning to highlight that gap as a serious problem in an economy that is generating more jobs for educated workers and fewer jobs for high school graduates , let alone high school dropouts .
Archaeologists digging on the grounds have found objects from that time .
Research has shown that primates can produce unique calls for things or events in their environment .
Mexico supplied 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 , followed by California with 282 million pounds .
Then an announcement came over the radio : A massive glacier had crashed down the mountain , burying 25 Nepalese sherpa guides under sheets of ice the size of houses .
He estimated that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Gary Goddard , founder of Gary Goddard Entertainment , a company that designs theme parks , attractions and upscale resorts , estimated that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Educators who support the government say Turkey is going back to its cultural roots .
And fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry are women , according to Lindsay Brooke , author of the report '' Women in Vehicle Engineering . ''
And as the teams led by weapons giants Northrop Grumman and Boeing Co. privately lobby lawmakers for their support , the legislators want to know what their state will get out of the deal .
Ten years ago , the Minnesota Youth Athletic Services -LRB- MYAS -RRB- began hosting a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams and 20 teams took part .
Another parent , Mike Munson , sits on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track and analyze the team 's shots .
Stowell believes that even documents about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man who was assassinated 150 years ago this April .
For young African-Americans with four-year degrees , a new report found , the job search has been especially brutal .
Rich Penick , a longtime associate director at MYAS , said it is not the Lleytons of the world who are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger and younger age .
According to Ledford , Northrop executives said they would build substantial parts of the bomber in Palmdale , creating about 1,500 jobs .
In 2013 alone , Chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction , up from $ 9 billion in 2011 , according to a study by the LA engineering firm AECOM .
