They are in national parks and wildlife .
In comparison , just about 1 percent of the high seas is protected .
Alabama Governor Robert Bentley said he was disappointed that the courts had reversed the gay marriage ban .
He said he would not take action against any judge who issued a license to same-sex couples .
Their parents were protecting them , not telling them the full story .
They had a turning point in the struggle , as police turned tear gas .
The three Selma marches in 1965 came to draw attention to the struggle for black voting rights .
They were paid to help tourists climb the mountain .
They expect them to be more immediately successful .
He was touring when he saw media coverage of the event .
They put kernels fences in an oven and oven up the temperature 50 degrees at a time .
She said she can only shake her head over what is happening .
The Air Force is already spending billions of dollars to replace its current fleet of 150 bombers .
He started making kites that pictured workers instead of ancient mythic figures .
In Minnesota , youth hockey has long had a reputation for competitiveness .
A new student at school was alone .
Most deep-sea fish in the high seas are caught by a way called bottom trawling .
They slowly hauled supplies up the mountain .
After being compressed on the ground , the leg is released .
CHICAGO -- President Barack Obama wants to choose the site for his library in less than two months .
That has set off a secret war for the painting , said Vezzosi .
As chief engineer of the Ram 1500 , Krear oversees all bear , planning , engineering , development , quality and launch management of the truck .
He said the problem would create many times that number in new positions .
There are more jobs for educated workers and fewer jobs for poor schools .
Archaeologists have found objects from that time .
Now , primates can produce special calls for things or events .
Mexico provided 1.3 billion pounds of avocados to the United States in 2014 .
Then an announcement came over the radio : A huge glacier had crashed down the mountain .
He said that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia .
They estimated that about half his work in the last few years has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Educators who support the government say Turkey is going back to its roots .
There are fewer than 1 in 5 engineers in the auto industry .
The lawmakers are trying to know what their state will get out of the deal .
It began hosting a state tournament for boys ' fourth-grade traveling teams .
Another parent , Mike Munson , sits on the bench with a tablet and uses an app to track .
Stowell believes that the discovery about Lincoln 's death will give people a better understanding of the man .
A new report found that the job search has been especially unfair .
It is not the Lleytons of the world who are creating the demand for elite basketball at a younger .
According to Ledford , Northrop executives said they would build significant parts of the bomber in Palmdale .
In 2013 alone , Chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on theme park construction .