But just one-hundredth of the
But just one-hundredth of the
Robert Bentley is Alabama 's governor .
Robert Bentley is Alabama 's governor .
Their parents never told them .
Police used weapons on the protesters .
Police used weapons on the protesters .
All of the victims were sherpas .
They may feel pressure to be successful .
He saw news coverage of the event .
They put some kernels in an oven .
Deborah Edwards works for the Positive Coaching Alliance in Minnesota .
The bombers could cost billions of dollars .
He started making kites that showed workers .
Minnesota is famous for competitive youth hockey .
They noticed a boy was sitting alone .
Deep-sea fishing is largely done by heavy nets .
The guides were carrying supplies up the mountain .
It was like a gymnast doing a somersault .
But people in Chicago fought over the plan .
The stories have raised the price of the painting .
She is chief engineer of the Ram 1500 truck .
Lancaster Mayor Parris really wants the bomber to be built .
More jobs are being created for people with college degrees .
Scientists digging on the grounds have found objects from that time .
Scientists know that apes use different calls for things or events .
In 2014 , it sold 1.3 billion pounds of avocados here .
A huge glacier of ice had just crashed down the mountain .
About half his work recently has been in Asia and the Middle East .
About half his work recently has been in Asia and the Middle East .
Some teachers say the schools are going back to Turkey 's tradition .
Fewer than 1 in 5 car engineers are women , according to Lindsay Brooke .
They want to know what their state will get out of the deal .
Ten years ago , 20 teams played in a tournament for fourth-grade traveling teams .
Basketball parent Mike Munson sits on the bench with a tablet , like an iPad .
Stowell thinks that even information about Lincoln 's death will help people understand him .
For young black men and women , the job search has been especially tough .
It is not the kids who are asking to play competitive basketball , but the parents .
If Northrop wins , it would build most of the bomber parts in Palmdale , Ledford said .
In 2013 , Chinese developers spent nearly $ 24 billion on building theme parks , AECOM said .