Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
She stayed in the United States until 1927 when she was married to France .
By early on September 30 , wind shear began to reduce and a weakening trend began .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 .
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucus .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road .
Mifepristone is a chemical compound .
Shortly after reaching Category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
Before the arrival of the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
Because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
For example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
This was demonstrated in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet .
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 .
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially said that he may not accept it .
In the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
Some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter .
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning '' The place where the sand washes down the hill .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculating tool in science and engineering .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame .
Stravinsky first made the ballet in 1913 .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux -LRB- born February 13 , 1921 in 1921 , 1921 -RRB- is a French organist .
Santa Maria Maggiore -LRB- St. Mary the Greater -RRB- , the earliest church in Assisi .
She was among the first doctors to make cigarette smoking around children .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s .
Schuschnigg immediately said that reports of riots were false .
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she is the lower house .
The new and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys .
Before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the '' midget-in-a-cake '' appearance had not been up to Veeck 's usual promotional standard .
A mutant is a type of fictional character .
The term dorsal refers to structural structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show .
On June 24 1979 , the 750th anniversary of the village was renamed .