Genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to use in creating desired germlines for new crops .
The name Jadgal applies specifically to groups that still speak the Jadgali language .
Wikipedia is free content that anyone can change and distribute .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union broke apart .
It was founded in the 14th century by Genoese colonists .
Much of the Enlightenment happened in French intellectual circles .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish .
It is the fifth largest country in Africa .
She has an older brother .
The judge ordered that Chapman should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life .
During the war , Iraq used chemical weapons against Iranian forces fighting on the southern front .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year .
A naval mine is a explosive device placed in water .
He is also renowned for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
An umbrella term is a word that gives a superset of related concepts .
Earth travels a tremendous distance in its orbit around the sun .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre .
Approximately 24 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in Australia .
The Giza pyramid complex and its Great and .
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge with a cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry .
The high annual rainfall has been deep valleys in the central mountains .
The event is one of the most popular spectator events in Australia .
In these shows , he speaks his Pascal to the United States and Brazil .
The average sleep is between seven and nine hours .
In traditional mosques , this function is often used into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
By eschewing direct action in favor of preserving popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
However , it restricted the president to one seven-year term , and Chun did not attempt to amend the document so he could run for reelection in 1987 .
He has recorded songs and hit singles .
Of course , all theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate , generalized statements if a disagreement of theory with observed data is ever found .
A large hall was a rectangular room .
The components are generally distributed together , have a consistent user interface and usually can interact with each other , sometimes in ways that the operating system would not normally allow allow .
Instead of finishing in London , the 2007 race started in London .
Most miscarriages happen very early in pregnancy .
When the biological importance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine .
For example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion .
It is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images .
Sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the world .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken by the trafficker .
Earth 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle .