Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are supposed to viisit at least once in their lifetime .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the crash filled in the smaller craters .
She stayed in the USA until she returned to France with her husband in 1927 .
Wind speed began to increase dramatically and a weakening trend began by early on September 30 .
The standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
The first asteroid was discovered by a spacecraft .
The incident has been the subject of reports as to ethics in scholarship .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both oils movement in and out of the beak and helps to catch ants and termites , which sticks to it .
Lacking strong land use controls , buildings are often built along a bypass ; this changes the bypass into an ordinary road , which becomes as congested as the local streets .
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound used as a pharmaceutical .
Shortly after becoming a category four , the outer convection of the hurricane became worn-out .
the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks before the storm could arrive .
Because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
For example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated once a year .
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or a CSS snippet that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences .
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 to 1946 and again from 1946 to 1948 .
Chauvin is embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
Years before his last release in 1474 , when he was getting ready to retake Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the capital of Hungary .
While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
Some articles are actually very long and rich in matter , but at the same time others are shorter -LRB- possibly short end -RRB- and of lesser quality .
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning '' The place where the sand washes down the hill '' .
Before the pocket calculator it was the most used calculation tool in science and engineering .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
Orchestra leader Stravinsky first thought of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a French organist , pianist , composer and pedagogue .
Santa Maria Maggiore -LRB- St. Mary the Greater -RRB- is the earliest church in Assisi that is still surviving .
She was the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
During the 1980s and 1990s , the ground got more modern and stands were eventually added behind each set of goals .
Schushnigg immediately responded publicly that the reports of riots were false .
The Prime Minister stays in office as long as the minister retains the support of the lower house .
Small , but intense , the hurricane caused a lot of damage in the upper Florida keys when a surge of nearly 18 to 20 feet hit the area .
The press agreed that Veeck 's `` midget-in-a-cake '' promotional appearance , before the second game started , was not up to his usual standard .
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel .
The term dorsal means , anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
She was chosen as one of the 15 candidates to appear on the tv show out of 16,421 participants in the national casting
On June 24 , 1979 -LRB- the 750th birthday of the village -RRB- , Glinde received its town charter .