Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which Muslims Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lives .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
By early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend unexpectedly began .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the rest of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 , while orbit around Jupiter .
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
The incident has been the subject of many reports that ethics in scholarship .
The tongue is because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the snout and helps to catch ants and termites , which stick to it .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , through it into an ordinary town road , and the cross may soon become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
Mifepristone is a synthetic steroid compound . Its chemical formula is used as a drug .
Shortly after reaching Category 4 status , the strength of the hurricane became ragged .
Before the arrival of the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
Because the owner tends to be not know , these devices are metaphorically compared to zombies .
For example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated every year .
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Harold C. L. Miller and Urey in 1953 .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and / or user script that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia settings .
He served as the prime minister of Egypt , between 1945 and 1946 and again from 1946 and 1947 .
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive the award and at first said that he could not accept it .
In the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the capital .
While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
Some articles are quite long and rich in content , while others are shorter -LRB- possibly stubs -RRB- and of the lesser quality .
Eugowra is said to be named after the Indigenous Australian word meaning '' The place where the sand washes down the hill '' .
Before the invention of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been added .
Orchestration Stravinsky . It was first conceived and write a ballet in 1913 .
Jeanne Demessieux -LRB- born 13 February 1921 , 11 November 1968 -RRB- , was a French organist and composer .
Santa Maria Maggiore , -LRB- St. Mary Greater -RRB- , the earliest church in Assisi .
She was one of the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could talk with all the harbour .
The quark model , and was proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George should in 1964 .
Stands were added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
So Schuschnigg immediately said publicly that reports of riots were false -RRB- .
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
The small and intense hurricane caused very bad damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of about 18 to 20 feet in the region .
Before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the '' midget-in-a-cake '' appearance had not been up to Veeck 's usual promotional standard .
A mutant is a type of character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
The term dorsal refers to survive structures that are either situated toward or grow from that of an animal .
Out of 16,421 participants in the casting , she was chosen among the 15 to appear on the TV show .
On June 24 , 1979 , -LRB- on the 750th anniversary of the village -RRB- , Glinde became a town charter .