Genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to make creating germlines for new crops .
The name Jadgal applies specifically to groups that still speak the Jadgali language .
Wikipedia is free content that anyone can edit and distribute .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union broke apart and Armenia .
It was founded in the 14th century by Genoese colonists .
Much of the Enlightenment happened in French political circles .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish .
It is the fifth largest country by geographic area .
She has an older brother , Chad .
The judge ordered that Chapman should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life .
During the war , Iraq used chemical weapons against Iranian forces fighting on the southern front .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year .
A naval mine is a self-contained explosive device placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
He is also famous for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
An umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts .
Earth travels a huge distance in its orbit around the sun .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing .
About 24 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in Australia .
Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization .
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge with a regiment .
The high annual rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains .
The event is one of the most popular spectator events in Australia .
In these shows , he wrote his experiences of his visits to the United States and Brazil .
The average sleep requirement is between seven and seven continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child .
In traditional mosques , this function is often changed into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
By eschewing direct action in favour of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
However , it restricted the president to one seven-year term .
Fantasia has recorded several critically acclaimed albums and hit singles .
Of course , all theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate .
A typical great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half .
The components are generally distributed together , have a consistent user interface .
Instead of finishing in London , the 2007 race started in London and finished in Glasgow .
Most miscarriages happen very early in pregnancy , in most cases . They occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
When the biological importance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine .
For example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion .
It is therefore pointless to e-mail our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images .
Sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the contemporary world .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be removed by the trafficker .
Earth 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle .