genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to use in good germlines for creating new products .
the name jadgal applies to groups that still speak the jadgali language , in the makran region of iran and pakistan .
wikipedia is free content that anyone can change .
restoration of independence in 1991 , the soviet union broke apart and armenia received its independence .
it was founded in the 14th century by genoese colonists , who used large numbers of workmen -lrb- calfats -rrb- in repairing ships .
much of the enlightenment that happened in french , and were important scientific discoveries provided by french scientists in the 18th century .
it is the official language of spanish , called castellano -lrb- castilian -rrb- by argentinians .
it is the country by area , occupying half of south america , the fifth most , and the fourth most democracy in the world .
she has an older brother , chad , and a brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is .
he told that chapman should get psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced to life twenty years , less than the highest possible years to life .
during the war , iraq used chemical weapons against iranian forces fighting on the front and southern terrorist who were trying to make up a front in iraq , with the help of iran .
december is the twelfth and last month of the year in the gregorian calendar and one of seven length of the year with 31 days .
a naval mine is a device explosive placed in water to destroy ships and submarines .
he is famous for his work in mechanics , optics dynamics , and astronomy .
an umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts , called a hypernym .
earth travels a distance in its orbit around the sun at a speed of around km\/s or 108000 over 30 miles per hour .
it is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing center , and has industrial companies geared towards shipbuilding .
24 % australians over the age of 15 do organised sporting activities in australia .
egypt is famous for its ancient civilization , and some of the world 's most famous landmarks , including the giza pyramid complex and its great sphinx .
in 1973 , patrick white was awarded the nobel prize in literature , the only person to have achieved this .
the union army ordered another charge with cavalry regiment that reinforced the union infantry .
the high rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains , it has made canyons with many waterfalls .
the event is one of the most popular events in australia , sometimes over 110,000 people . sometimes , some people over 110,000 dressed in traditional raceday wear and others in all the way of different and amusing costumes , before the race .
in these shows , he spoke about his visits to the united states and brazil , and anecdotes witticisms culture and lifestyle , about the beauty of these places .
the average sleep requirement is between 7 and 9 hours a day for nine an adult . ten hours to a child , people sleep for six to seven hours .
in traditional mosques , this function is believed in into a freestanding building in the center of the courtyard .
by eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , madison tried to make the republicans were not moving .
it limited the president to one seven-year term , chun did not try to change it . he could run for reelection in 1988 .
he has recorded 23 albums and many hit singles , and written and produced songs for many of his label mates and other artists as .
of course , all theories , including those known as laws , can always be replaced by more statements , if a theory of disagreement with data is ever found .
a great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as it was long , and it was .
the parts are come together , have a standard user interface and can interact with each other , sometimes in ways operating system would not normally allow .
instead of finishing in london , the 2007 race started in london and finish in glasgow . glasgow , the event which used to increase the bid to host the 2014 commonwealth games .
most spontaneous abortions occur very early pregnancy , in most cases , they are in the early pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
when the importance of nicotinic acid were discovered , it was thought to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contain nicotine , or that contain vitamins cigarettes .
for example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but for these goods would needed the use of resources , this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
it is to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if the rules of your company or school mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
sustainability is an issue of major 0 in the world , it needs to find new options for economic , social and cultural development and the use of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape , this may include beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
earth that is , with a thick layer of solid , liquid , called the outer core that gives off a magnetic field , and the solid iron inner core .