Jeddah is the principal gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
She remained in the United States until 1927 when she and her husband returned to France .
By early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign , and vast amounts were printed .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
It was the first asteroid to be found by a spacecraft .
The incident has been the subject of numerous reports as to ethics in scholarship .
The tongue is disturbed because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous , which both lubricates movement in and out of the beak and helps to catch ants and termites , which adhere to it .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road , and the bypass may eventually become as congested as the local streets it was intended to avoid .
Mifepristone is a chemical compound . Its chemical formula is Mifepristone .
Shortly after reaching Category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
Before the arrival of the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
Because the owner tends to be questioned , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
For example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated annually .
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript JavaScript that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia preferences .
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 and 1948 .
Chauvin was embarrassed to get his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
In the years before his final release in 1474 , when he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
While at Kahn he was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
Some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter -LRB- possibly stubs -RRB- and of lesser quality .
Eugowra is said to be named after the native Australian word meaning '' The place where the sand washes down the hill '' .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame , more than any other current position , while only 35 goaltenders have been inducted .
Stravinsky Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
Jeanne Marie-Madeleine Demessieux -LRB- February 13 , 1921 - November 11 , 1968 -RRB- was a French organist , pianist , composer , and teacher .
Santa Maria Maggiore -LRB- St. Mary the Greater -RRB- , the earliest church in Assisi .
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbour .
The quark model was made by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
Stands were eventually added behind each set of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
Schuschnigg immediately answered that reports of riots were false .
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he or she has the support of the lower house .
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys , as a storm surge of approximately 18 to 20 feet affected the region .
Before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the '' midget-in-a-cake '' appearance had not been up to Veeck 's usual promotional standard .
A mutant is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
Out of 16,421 participants in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show .
On June 24 , 1979 , Glinde received its town charter .