Because genetic engineering has been expanded the genes available to breeders to use in creating desired germlines for new crops .
The name Jadgal applies specifically to groups that still speak the Jadgali language , in the Makran region of Iran and Pakistan .
Wikipedia is free-content that anyone can change and distribute .
Restoration of independence In 1991 , the Soviet Union broke apart and Armenia set up its independence .
It was founded in the 14th century by Genoese colonists workmen -LRB- Calfats -RRB- in repairing ships .
Much of the Enlightenment occurred in French intellectual circles , and important scientific discoveries were achieved by French scientists in the 18th century .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish , usually called castellano -LRB- Castilian -RRB- by Argentinians .
It is the fifth largest country by geographical area in half of South America , the fifth largest country , and the third most populous democracy in the world .
She has an older brother , Chad , and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is .
The judge ordered that Chapman should get psychiatric threatment in prison and sentenced to twenty years to life , a little bit less than the maximum possible of fifty years to life .
During the war , Iraq used chemical weapons against Iranian forces fighting on the front and Kurdish terrorist who were trying to open up a front in Iraq , with the help of Iran .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year with 31 days .
A naval mine is a separate explosive device placed in the water to destroy ships and submarines .
He is also famous for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
The term is a word that provides a superset or group of related concepts , also called a hypernym .
The Earth travels in its orbit around the Sun at a speed of The over 108000 km per hour .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has many industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
About 25 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sports activities in Australia .
Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization , and some of the world 's most famous monuments , including the Giza pyramid complex and its Great Sphinx .
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature , the only person to have this .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge with cavalry regiment that supported the Union infantry .
The high rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains , carved out canyons with many small waterfalls .
The event is one of the most popular spectator events in Australia , with over 110,000 people , some dressed in traditional formal raceday wear and others in all manner of exotic and amusing costumes , attending the race .
In these shows , he told his experiences of his visits to the United States and Brazil , with anecdotes and witticisms about the culture , lifestyle and beauty of these places .
The average sleep requirement is between seven and number nine continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child , elderly people sleep six to seven hours .
In traditional mosques , this function is often believed in into a Skyscrapers building in the center of a courtyard .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influenced popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
However , it was the president to one seven-year term , and Chun did not try to amend the document , so he could run for reelection in 1987 .
Wonder has made several critically acclaimed albums and singles , and writes and produces songs for many of his label mates and outside artists as well .
Of course , all the theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate , generalized statements if a disagreement of theory with observed data is ever found .
A typical great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide , and also higher than it was wide .
The parts are generally distributed together , have a consistent user interface and can interact with each other , sometimes in ways that the operating system would not allow .
Instead of finishing in London , the 2007 race started in London and finished in Glasgow , which used the event , and gets its bid to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
spontaneous abortions Most miscarriages are very early pregnancy , in most cases , they are so in the early pregnancy that the woman is n't even aware that she was pregnant .
When the importance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought to be appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contains nicotine , or that cigarettes contain vitamins .
For example , a shop would give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have involved the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
It is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if at your company or school or organization mandate that you ask web site operators before copied their content .
Sustainability is an issue of major importance in the needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development and a better use of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken by the trafficker and to be coming of the court should they try to escape , including beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
Earth 's interior is active , with a thick layer of solid mantle , a liquid outer core that gives off a magnetic field , and a solid iron inner core .