Genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to utilize in creating desired germlines for new crops .
The name Jadgal applies specifically to groups that still speak the Jadgali language , in the Makran region of Iran and Pakistan .
Wikipedia is free content that anyone can edit and distribute .
Restoration of independence In 1991 , the Soviet Union broke apart and Armenia re-established its independence .
It was founded in the 14th century by Genoese colonists , who employed large numbers of workmen -LRB- Calfats -RRB- in repairing ships .
Much of the Enlightenment occurred in French intellectual circles , and major scientific breakthroughs were achieved by French scientists in the 18th century .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish , usually called castellano -LRB- Castilian -RRB- by Argentines .
It is the fifth largest country by geographical area , occupying nearly half of South America , the fifth most populous country , and the fourth most populous democracy in the world .
She has an older brother , Chad , and a twin brother who is 12 minutes younger than she is .
The judge ordered that Chapman should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life , slightly less than the maximum possible of twenty-five years to life .
During the war , Iraq used chemical weapons against Iranian forces fighting on the southern front and Kurdish separatists who were attempting to open up a northern front in Iraq with the help of Iran .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year in the Gregorian Calendar and one of seven Gregorian months with the length of 31 days .
A naval mine is a self-contained explosive device placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
He is also renowned for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
An umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts , also called a hypernym .
Earth travels a tremendous distance in its orbit around the sun , at a speed of around 30 km/s or over 108000 km per hour .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has numerous industrial companies , principally geared towards shipbuilding .
Approximately 24 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in Australia .
Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization and some of the world 's most famous monuments , including the Giza pyramid complex and its Great Sphinx .
In 1973 , Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature , the only Australian to have achieved this .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge with a cavalry regiment that reinforced the Union infantry .
The high annual rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains , carving out canyons with many scenic waterfalls .
The event is one of the most popular spectator events in Australia , with sometimes over 110,000 people , some dressed in traditional formal raceday wear and others in all manner of exotic and amusing costumes , attending the race .
In these shows , he narrated his experiences of his visits to the United States and Brazil , with anecdotes and witticisms about the culture , lifestyle and beauty of these places .
The average sleep requirement is between seven and nine continuous hours a day for an adult and nine to ten hours for a child ; elderly people usually sleep for six to seven hours .
In traditional mosques , this function is often elaborated into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
By eschewing direct action in favor of influencing popular opinion , Madison tried to make clear that the Democratic-Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
However , it restricted the president to one seven-year term , and Chun did not attempt to amend the document so he could run for reelection in 1987 .
Wonder has recorded several critically acclaimed albums and hit singles , and writes and produces songs for many of his label mates and outside artists as well .
Of course , all theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate , generalized statements if a disagreement of theory with observed data is ever found .
A typical great hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide , and also higher than it was wide .
The components are generally distributed together , have a consistent user interface and usually can interact with each other , sometimes in ways that the operating system would not normally allow .
Instead of finishing in London , the 2007 race started in London and finished in Glasgow , which used the event to boost its bid to host the 2014 Commonwealth Games .
Most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy , in most cases , they occur so early in the pregnancy that the woman is not even aware that she was pregnant .
When the biological significance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine , in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contains nicotine , or that cigarettes contain vitamins .
For example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion , but producing these goods would still have required the use of scarce resources , so this would not be a free good in an economic sense .
It is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images , even if rules at your company or school or organization mandate that you ask web site operators before copying their content .
Sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the contemporary world , which needs to find new options for economic , social , and cultural development ; seeking an improved utilization of natural resources for the benefit of the planet and its inhabitants .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be confiscated by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape , including beatings , rape , threats of violence against their family and death threats .
Earth 's interior remains active , with a thick layer of relatively solid mantle , a liquid outer core that generates a magnetic field , and a solid iron inner core .