Jeddah is the main gateway to Mecca , Islam 's holiest city , which able-bodied Muslims are required to visit at least once in their lifetime .
It was originally thought that the debris thrown up by the collision filled in the smaller craters .
She stayed in the United States until 1927 .
By early on September 30 , wind shear began to dramatically increase and a weakening trend began .
This stamp remained the standard letter stamp for the remainder of Victoria 's reign , and vast quantities were printed .
It was found by Stephen P. Synnott in images from the Voyager 1 space probe taken on March 5 , 1979 while orbiting around Jupiter .
It was the first asteroid to be discovered by a spacecraft .
The incident has been the subject of many reports as to ethics in scholarship .
The tongue is sticky because of the presence of glycoprotein-rich mucous .
If there are no strong land use controls , buildings are built along a bypass , converting it into an ordinary town road .
Mifepristone is a synthetic hormone .
Shortly after getting Category 4 status , the outer convection of the hurricane became ragged .
Before the day of the storm , the National Park Service closed visitor centers and campgrounds along the Outer Banks .
Because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
For example , the stylebook of the Associated Press is updated .
This was shown in the Miller-Urey experiment by Stanley L. Miller and Harold C. Urey in 1953 .
A Wikipedia gadget is a JavaScript and that can be enabled simply by checking an option in your Wikipedia .
He served as the prime minister of Egypt between 1945 and 1946 .
Chauvin was embarrassed to receive his award and initially indicated that he may not accept it .
In the years before his final release in 1474 , he began preparations for the reconquest of Wallachia , Vlad lived with his new wife in a house in the Hungarian capital .
He was chief architect for the Fisher Building in 1928 .
Some articles are quite long and rich in content while others are shorter -LRB- possibly stubs -RRB- and of lesser quality .
Eugowra is said to be named after the Australian word meaning '' The place where the sand washes down the hill '' .
Before the advent of the pocket calculator , it was the most commonly used calculation tool in science and engineering .
Seventy-five defencemen are in the Hall of Fame .
Orchestration Stravinsky first conceived of writing the ballet in 1913 .
The next year , Lisa Marie-Madeleine Demessieux was a famous composer .
Santa Maria Maggiore -LRB- St. Mary the Greater -RRB- , the earliest surviving church in Assisi .
She was among the first doctors to object to cigarette smoking around children , and drug use in pregnant women .
From the telephone exchange , the Port Jackson District Commandant could communicate with all military installations on the harbor .
The quark model was independently proposed by physicists Murray Gell-Mann and George Zweig in 1964 .
Stands were added to the beginning of goals during the 1980s and 1990s as the ground began to be modernised .
Schuschnigg immediately responded publicly that reports of riots were false .
The Prime Minister stays in office only as long as he is known as the support .
The compact and intense hurricane caused extreme damage in the upper Florida Keys .
Before the second game got underway , the press agreed that the '' midget-in-a-cake '' appearance had not been up to Veeck 's usual promotional standard .
A mutant is a type of fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
The term dorsal refers to anatomical structures that are either situated toward or grow off that side of an animal .
Out of 16,421 people in the national casting , she was chosen among the 15 candidates to appear on the TV show .
On June 24 1979 -LRB- the 750th anniversary of the village -RRB- , Glinde received its town charter .