Genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to utilize .
The name Jadgal applies to groups that still speak the Jadgali language , in the Makran region of Iran and Pakistan .
Wikipedia is free content that anyone can edit and distribute .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union broke apart .
It was founded in the 14th century by Genoese colonists .
Much of the Enlightenment happened in French intellectual circles , and major scientific breakthroughs were achieved by French scientists in the 18th century .
The official language of Argentina is Spanish .
It is the fifth largest country by geographical area .
She has an older brother , Chad .
The judge ordered that Chapman should receive psychiatric treatment in prison and sentenced him to twenty years to life .
During the war , Iraq used chemical weapons against Iranian forces fighting on the southern front .
December is the twelfth and last month of the year .
It is placed in water to destroy ships or submarines .
He is also famous for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
An umbrella term is a type of related concepts .
Earth travels a large distance in its orbit around the sun .
It is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre .
Approximately 24 % Australians over the age of 15 regularly take place in sporting activities in Australia .
Egypt is famous for its ancient civilization .
Patrick White was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature .
The Union commanders then ordered another charge that reinforced the Union infantry .
The high annual rainfall has eroded deep valleys in the central mountains .
The event is one of the most popular spectator events in Australia .
In these shows , he narrated his visits to the United States and Brazil .
The average sleep requirement is between seven and nine .
In traditional mosques , this function is often elaborated into a ultimate building in the center of a courtyard .
The Republicans were not moving toward disunion .
However , it restricted the president to one seven-year term .
Wonder has recorded several albums .
Of course , all theories , including those called scientific laws , can always be replaced by more accurate .
A typical hall was a rectangular room between one and a half and three times as long as it was wide .
The components are usually distributed together , have a consistent user interface and usually can interact with each other .
Instead of finishing in London , the 2007 race started in London and finished in Glasgow .
Most miscarriages occur very early in pregnancy .
When the biological significance of nicotinic acid was realized , it was thought to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine .
For example , a shop might give away its stock in its promotion .
It is therefore pointless to email our contact addresses asking for permission to reproduce articles or images .
Sustainability is an issue of major transcendence in the world .
Once overseas it is common for their passport to be taken by the trafficker and to be warned of the consequences should they attempt to escape .
Earth 's interior remains active .